chore: Change ints to 'number' for ProgressEvent properties (#39574)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/progressevent/index.md

{{APIRef("XMLHttpRequest API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`ProgressEvent`** interface represents events that measure the progress of an underlying process, like an HTTP request (e.g., an `XMLHttpRequest`), or the loading of the underlying resource of an {{HTMLElement("img")}}, {{HTMLElement("audio")}}, {{HTMLElement("video")}}, {{HTMLElement("style")}} or {{HTMLElement("link")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`ProgressEvent`** interface represents events that measure the progress of an underlying process, like an HTTP request (e.g., an `XMLHttpRequest`, or the loading of the underlying resource of an {{HTMLElement("img")}}, {{HTMLElement("audio")}}, {{HTMLElement("video")}}, {{HTMLElement("style")}} or {{HTMLElement("link")}}).
```

...I think? The resource loading is still an HTTP request

Author: Yeah, that's right

- {{domxref("ProgressEvent.lengthComputable")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : A boolean flag indicating if the ratio between the size of the data already transmitted or processed (`loaded`), and the total size of the data (`total`), is calculable. In other words, it tells if the progress is measurable or not.
- {{domxref("ProgressEvent.loaded")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A double-precision floating point value indicating the size, in bytes, of the data already transmitted or processed. The ratio can be calculated by dividing `ProgressEvent.total` by the value of this property. When downloading a resource using HTTP, this only counts the body of the HTTP message, and doesn't include headers and other overhead. Note that for compressed requests of unknown total size, `loaded` might contain the size of the compressed, or decompressed, data, depending on the browser. As of 2024, it contains the size of the compressed data in Firefox, and the size of the uncompressed data in Chrome.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A number indicating the size, in bytes, of the data already transmitted or processed. The ratio can be calculated by dividing `ProgressEvent.total` by the value of this property. When downloading a resource using HTTP, this only counts the body of the HTTP message, and doesn't include headers and other overhead. Note that for compressed requests of unknown total size, `loaded` might contain the size of the compressed, or decompressed, data, depending on the browser. As of 2024, it contains the size of the compressed data in Firefox, and the size of the uncompressed data in Chrome.
```

- {{domxref("ProgressEvent.total")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A double-precision floating point value indicating the total size, in bytes, of the data being transmitted or processed. When downloading a resource using HTTP, this value is taken from the `Content-Length` response header. It only counts the body of the HTTP message, and doesn't include headers and other overhead.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A number indicating the total size, in bytes, of the data being transmitted or processed. When downloading a resource using HTTP, this value is taken from the `Content-Length` response header. It only counts the body of the HTTP message, and doesn't include headers and other overhead.
```

client.send();
```

### Using fractions in a ProgressEvent

The total number of bytes of a resource may reveal too much information about a download, so a number between 0 and 1 may be used in a {{domxref("ProgressEvent.ProgressEvent", "ProgressEvent()")}} instead:

```js
function updateProgress(loaded, total) {
  const progressEvent = new ProgressEvent("progress", {
    lengthComputable: true,

>     loaded: loaded,
>     total: total,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    loaded,
    total,
```
